feat(angularjs_18_migration): New page for AngularJS 1.8 migration (#2051)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

== Technical updates

> UI Designer has been migrated to AngularJS 1.8, to enable AngularJS extended support.

Reviewer: Maybe we should point to https://xlts.dev/angularjs instead of AngularJS 1.8 ?

Author: I think we should clarify first if our customers dev are supported, and if yes tell them they are supported.

[WARNING]
====

> Your UI Designer applications must be extensively tested to verify if any updates are required on your side to support this new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All your UI Designer artifacts must be extensively tested to verify if any updates are required on your side to support this new version.
```

Author: To me they should test their application, which should indeed test all the artifacts, no?
